[Workers] standard pricing updates (#13230)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/pricing.md

# Pricing

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

All users on the Workers Paid plan have been **automatically migrated** from the Bundled and Unbound usage models to the [Standard usage model](https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-pricing-scale-to-zero/) on March 1, 2024. 

> - To learn what this means for Workers pricing head [here](/workers/platform/pricing/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To learn what this migration means for Workers pricing, refer to [Pricing](/workers/platform/pricing/). 
```

> - To learn about how this impacts Worker limits head [here](/workers/platform/limits/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To learn about how this migration impacts Worker limits, refer to [Limits](/workers/platform/limits/). 
```

## Workers

> Usage models are settings on your Workers that specify how you are billed for usage, as well as the upper [limits](/workers/platform/limits/#worker-limits) for how many milliseconds of CPU time your Worker can use per invocation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage models are settings on your Workers that specify how you are billed for usage, as well as the upper [limits](/workers/platform/limits/#worker-limits) for how many milliseconds of {{<glossary-tooltip term_id="CPU time" link="/workers/glossary/?term=cpu+time">}}CPU time{{</glossary-tooltip>}} your Worker can use per invocation. 
```

To prevent accidental runaway bills or denial-of-wallet attacks, configure the maximum amount of CPU time that can be used per invocation by [defining limits in your Worker's `wrangler.toml` file](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#limits), or via the Cloudflare dashboard (Workers & Pages > Select your Worker > Settings > CPU Limits).

> If you had a Worker on the Bundled usage model prior to the migration to Standard pricing on March 1, 2024, we've automatically added a 50ms CPU limit on your Worker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had a Worker on the Bundled usage model prior to the migration to Standard pricing on March 1, 2024, Cloudflare has automatically added a 50 ms CPU limit on your Worker. 
```
